--- 
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "E4: Progress in Programming"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2023-11-20
published: True
labels:
  - ITM352
  - MIS
  - Assignment1
---

###My programming skills have greatly improved in the following ways:
  Through working on assignment 1, my programming skills have massively improved. Some specific ways I have improved are problem solving, debugging, working with data structures, and client/server interaction. The freedom that is allowed through creating your own website also brings the fact that you need to solve your own problems. Trying to solve for certain requirements for my website brought on problems and forced me to constantly rework and debug my code. Through this process, I was able to learn because solving problems requires understanding, and anything I didn't understand I was forced to learn and implement. 

###I need to work on the following to improve my programming skills:
  As much as I believe I have improved in my programming skills, I know that I still have a lot to work on. Some ways in which I feel I need to improve are testing more frequently, reducing redundancy, and my understanding of libraries such as Express.

###I have learned a lot from doing WODs and I can do them without copying the screencast:
  I started off having to watch the screencasts in order to do the WODs, but now I feel as if I have enough understanding of current concepts to do WODs on my own. 
###The labs have helped me to learn and I am able to complete them with confidence:
  This is true for me because the labs require me to do and not just read/watch, which is the best way to learn. 
###I learned a lot from my experience doing Assignment 1 and feel ready to work on Assignment 2:
  Working on assignment 1 has been my biggest jump in programming skill thus far. I feel confident in transition from assignment 1 to assignment 2
###I think the class can be improved to help my learning in the following ways:
  I think the class can be improved by doing even more hands on learning in class. 
###What helps me the most in class are (WODs, Labs, class website, screencasts, readings, quizzes, one on one help, working with classmates, etc.):
  What helps me the most in class are WODs because they force me to program by myself as well as explain what I'm doing as I go. 
